feat: add redirect denied for filter (#790)
codeigniter4/shield: UPGRADING.md

    $this->helpers = array_merge($this->helpers, ['setting']);
    ```

#### Config\Auth

The following items have been added. Copy the properties in **src/Config/Auth.php**.

- `$permission_denied` and `$group_denied` are added to `Config\Auth::$redirects`.
- `permissionDeniedRedirect()` and `groupDeniedRedirect()` are added.

> #### Fix Custom Filter If extends `AbstractAuthFilter`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Fix Custom Filter If extends `AbstractAuthFilter`

```

> If you have written a custom filter that extends `AbstractAuthFilter`. Now you need to add and implement method `redirectToDeniedUrl()` to your custom filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have written a custom filter that extends `AbstractAuthFilter`, now you need to add and implement the `redirectToDeniedUrl()` method to your custom filter.
```

> The following example is related to the above explanation for **group** filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is related to the above explanation for **group** filter.

```

```php
/**

>  * If there is no necessary access to the group,
>  * it will redirect the user to the set URL with an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * If the user does not belong to the group, redirect to the configured URL with an error message.
```

    $this->helpers = array_merge($this->helpers, ['setting']);
    ```

#### Config\Auth

The following items have been added. Copy the properties in **src/Config/Auth.php**.

- `permission_denied` and `group_denied` are added to `Config\Auth::$redirects`.
- `permissionDeniedRedirect()` and `groupDeniedRedirect()` are added.

> #### Fix Custom Filter If extends `AbstractAuthFilter`

Reviewer: This is not for "Mandatory Config Changes".
```suggestion
### Fix Custom Filter If extends `AbstractAuthFilter`
```
